good morning good morning please state
your name for the record
Daniel Fennell Thank You mr. Fennell you
are a serial modifier with a string of
souped-up motors to your name the
purpose of this hearing is to determine
exactly what would happen if you were
let loose with an innocent car and a pot
full of cash could you be trusted
certainly you couldn't count there's the
evidence
any son
I've always had a love for my boys and
Apaches and the selling desire Nissan
Pulsar it's just a natural progression
for me it's amazing the difference 25
grand makes the car is me twenty five
thousand that includes buying the car
for nine thousand pounds the seats and
the interior modifications including the
electronic boost gauge and the
electronic fuel control they probably
cost around fifteen hundred now spent
between thirteen and fifteen thousand
and the engine itself that includes the
turbine which was two thousand Pistons
the uprated forged pistons they're about
a thousand a gasket was two hundred up
right here the exhaust system was two
hundred don't bat was two hundred
this is endless now that money that you
spent on it do you think you will ever
get it back
now unfortunately we're modifying cars
you never get your money back but it's
the feeling and a thought that you've
done it yourself it's not someone else's
car yeah you will lose money on it but
it's to me it's priceless
the GTI are in standard trim comes with
220 bhp already enough to make clear
172s and civic type r zh' feliz a their
tags to a tree
but a bitter judicial winding on with
the turbo-boost
puts 280 bhp and reach if you're not
happy with that some extra fine-tuning
we'll see 300
but Danny's got 400 he's awesome it's
blow the socks off of most Porsches
Ferraris and most things on the road
really he's a handles very good he picks
up through the gears tremendous and it's
a top-end power super wouldn't it be
interesting to put Danny's anna-san on a
dyno to see exactly how much power it
produced yes it would but wouldn't it be
more interesting to race it against this
a real mean mother of a car a priceless
- like the saying goes there ain't a
replacement for displacement 60 takes
just four and a half seconds and it will
be driven
move
me be stand behind this I'm sorry please
don't tell anyone
best of three Danny obviously